docs: move documentation in readthedocs (#10)
canonical/awsmp: docs/public-offer/index.rst

         m7i-flex.xlarge,0.00,0.00

      There are 2 cases you can generate instance type file.

      #. Using public-offer command
         If you create new listing and see what's available with given architecture and virtual type,
         call `awsmp public-offer instance-type-template` and file `instance_type.csv` will be created.
         You can remove or add instance types you want to update in the listing.

         .. code-block::

            awsmp public-offer instance-type-template \
               --arch x86_64 \
               --virt hvm

      #. Update pricing/add new available instance types
         To update/copying existing listing instance types or adding available instance types, we need all instance type information
         from the listing. (Please see below to find offer Id which is associated public product listing at the end of section)

         .. code-block::

            awsmp pricing-template \
               --offer-id offer-rsf4l7ilje2ze \
               --pricing prices.csv \
               --free

         You can append additional instance type at the end of this file or edit pricing (hourly which is second column) information.

>    #. Once you have ``prices.csv`` file, update listing with command below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Using the generated instance type file, update the listing with one of the commands below.
```

      #. Free listing update

         .. code-block::

>             awsmp public-offer update-instnace-type \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            awsmp public-offer update-instance-type \
```

               --product-id prod-xwpv7txqxg55e \
               --offer-id offer-t4vib6xp7tb3c \
               --instance-type-file instance_type.csv \
               --dimension-unit Hrs \
               --free Y
      
      #. Paid listing update

         .. code-block::

>             awsmp public-offer update-instnace-type \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            awsmp public-offer update-instance-type \
```

               --product-id prod-xwpv7txqxg55e \
               --offer-id offer-t4vib6xp7tb3c \
               --instance-type-file instance_type.csv \
               --dimension-unit Hrs \
               --free N

>       ``dimension-unit`` is unit type of billing of this product. For free listing, please put Hrs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Here, ``dimension-unit`` is the billing unit type for the product. For a free listing, use 'Hrs'.
```

>       There are different types but currently available types are Hrs, Units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Different types are possible, but the currently available types are 'Hrs' and 'Units'.
```

>       Offer Id is needed to update pricing terms for public offer. You can find this offer id from ``Create product id``

Reviewer: Delete this and the next two lines about offer ID, since it is covered earlier.

Create product ID
-----------------

.. code-block:: sh

   awsmp public-offer create

   ChangeSet created (ID: gxy13m673kmhr4vdtpu0ltwf)
   https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/management/requests/gxy13m673kmhr4vdtpu0ltwf

This request will generate an offer ID associated with the product ID. An offer ID is **required**
to update the instance type, the legal terms and to release the listing, as seen in the API calls ahead.

.. note::

       For an existing published listing, an offer ID can also be obtained from the AWS console under :guilabel:`AWS Marketplace` > :guilabel:`Manage subscriptions`. Select the required listing and look for the `Offer ID` under `Agreement`.

       If you are in the draft stage, after running this command go to your generated request and check the :guilabel:`Entities` section under :guilabel:`Change request summary`.

Add/Edit product description
----------------------------

Once a product ID is created, you can add/edit the product description. The description fields are shown
below or you can also refer to the sample config file (listing_configuration.yaml)

> .. code-block::
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: yaml
    :caption: listing_configuration.yaml
```

   description:
      product_title: str
      logourl: str
      video_urls: Optional[List[str]], can only have 1 url
      short_description: str
      long_description: str
      highlights: List[str]
      search_keywords: List[str]
      categories: List[str]
      support_description: str # Don't include space character at the beginning/end
      support_resources: str
      additional_resources: Optional[List[Dict[str, str]]]
      sku: Optional[str]

For empty values, use ``~`` for str type and ``[]`` for List type

To add/edit the product description, run:

.. code-block:: sh

   awsmp public-offer update-description \

>       --product-id prod-xwpv7txqxg55e

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      --product-id prod-xwpv7txqxg55e \
```

      --config listing_configuration.yaml

If a field value does not match the required format, it will show up as an error.

Update/Add instance type
------------------------

To update/add an instance type, you need to generate an instance type file and provide it as input while updating the listing.

#. Generate an instance type file (.csv) and provide as input file when updating listing.

> *example instance_type.csv*
> 
> .. code-block::
> 

Reviewer 2: suggest moving the label to a code-block caption for better readability
```suggestion
.. code-block::
    :caption: example instance_type.csv

```

   m7a.8xlarge,0.00,0.00
   m7a.large,0.00,0.00
   m7a.medium,0.00,0.00
   m7a.xlarge,0.00,0.00
   m7i-flex.8xlarge,0.00,0.00
   m7i-flex.large,0.00,0.00
   m7i-flex.xlarge,0.00,0.00

You can generate an instance type file in two ways:

#. Using the public-offer command

If you've created new listing, you can use it's architecture and virtual type to run:

> .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: recommend adding `sh` as type to avoid arbitrary highlighting. (can also use `console` but it adds italics that I'm not personally a fan of)

```suggestion
.. code-block:: sh
```

   awsmp public-offer instance-type-template \
      --arch x86_64 \
      --virt hvm

> This command will create and ``instance_type.csv`` file. You can add/remove instance types in it as required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command will create an ``instance_type.csv`` file. You can add/remove instance types in it as required.
```

#. Using :guilabel:`pricing-template` command

To get the existing instance type details, you can also run the following command. It required an offer ID as input (obtained while creating the product ID)
and generates a prices.csv file. You can append additional instance types at the end of this file and use it as the instance type file while updating the instance type in the next step.

> .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: same as above 
```suggestion
.. code-block:: sh
```

   awsmp pricing-template \
      --offer-id offer-rsf4l7ilje2ze \
      --pricing prices.csv \
      --free

#. Using the generated instance type file, update the listing with one of the commands below.

#. Free listing update

> .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: same as above 
```suggestion
.. code-block:: sh
```

>       .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      .. code-block:: sh
```

   awsmp public-offer update-instance-type \
      --product-id prod-xwpv7txqxg55e \
      --offer-id offer-t4vib6xp7tb3c \
      --instance-type-file instance_type.csv \
      --dimension-unit Hrs \
      --free Y
      
#. Paid listing update

> .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: same as above
```suggestion
.. code-block:: sh
```

>       .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      .. code-block:: sh
```

    awsmp public-offer update-instance-type \
      --product-id prod-xwpv7txqxg55e \
      --offer-id offer-t4vib6xp7tb3c \
      --instance-type-file instance_type.csv \
      --dimension-unit Hrs \
      --free N

Here, ``dimension-unit`` is the billing unit type for the product. For free listing, use ``Hrs``.

Different types are possible, but the currently available types are ``Hrs`` and ``Units``.

Update/Add region
-----------------

To add or update region information of an AMI product listing, use a configuration file with region details and the ``update-region`` option.

> *example listing_configuration.yaml*
> 
> .. code-block::
> 

Reviewer 2: recommend both filetype and caption here
```suggestion
.. code-block:: yaml
    :caption: example listing_configuration.yaml

```

   ...
   region:
      commercial_regions: List[str]
      future_region_support_region: bool
   ...

Update the region using:

> .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: recommend file type
```suggestion
.. code-block:: sh
```

   awsmp public-offer update-region \
      --product-id prod-xwpv7txqxg55e \
      --config listing_configuration.yaml

GovCloud regions can't be enabled using the API. You'll need to contact a marketplace representative for gov region enablement

Add new version
---------------

To add new AMI version to an existing AMI listing, create a version configuration file and use the ``update-version`` option. A sample version configuration file (listing_configuration.yaml) looks like:

> .. code-block::
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: yaml
    :caption: listing_configuration.yaml
```

   ...
   version:
      version_title: str
      release_notes: str
      ami_id: str # Format should be starting with `ami-`
      access_role_arn: str # Format should be starting with 'arn:aws:iam::'
      os_user_name: str
      os_system_version: str
      os_system_name: str # This will be converted to Uppercase
      scanning_port: int # 1-65535
      usage_instructions: str
      recommended_instance_type: str # Please select among instance types you added in Step 2
      ip_protocol: Literal['tcp', 'udp']
      ip_ranges: List[str] # Upto 5 ranges can be added
      from_port: int # 1-65535
      to_port: int # 1-65535
   ...

Add the new version using:

> .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: sh
```

   awsmp public-offer update-version \
      --product-id prod-xwpv7txqxg55e
      --config listing_configuration.yaml

Update legal/support terms
--------------------------

To update the legal/support terms of the AMI product listing, you'll need an offer ID and a yaml file with the required terms specified in it.

> *example listing_configuration.yaml*
> 
> .. code-block::
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: yaml
    :caption: example listing_configuration.yaml

```

>       --product-id prod-xwpv7txqxg55e

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      --product-id prod-xwpv7txqxg55e \
```

   ...
   eula_url: "https://eula-example"
   refund_policy: |
      Absolutely no refund!
   ...

Here, ``refund_policy`` contains free form of text.

To update the legal terms, use:

> .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: sh
```

> *example listing_configuration.yaml*
> 

Reviewer 2: with the caption this can be removed
```suggestion
```

   awsmp public-offer update-legal-terms \
      --offer-id offer-t4vib6xp7tb3c
      --config listing_configuration.yaml

To update support terms, use:

> .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: sh
```

   awsmp public-offer update-support-terms \
      --offer-id offer-t4vib6xp7tb3c
      --config listing_configuration.yaml

Release AMI product listing
---------------------------

To publish drafted AMI listing to :guilabel:`Limited` state, product ID and public offer ID are required:

> .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: sh
```

>       --offer-id offer-t4vib6xp7tb3c

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      --offer-id offer-t4vib6xp7tb3c \
```

>       --offer-id offer-t4vib6xp7tb3c

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      --offer-id offer-t4vib6xp7tb3c \
```

   awsmp public-offer release \

>       --product-id prod-fwu3xsqup23cs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      --product-id prod-fwu3xsqup23cs \
```
